Marta and Alberto have a 35 -year -old
daughter named Sandra.
She's killing it in her career and has a
job to die for.
She's respectful and super responsible,
everything any parent could dream of.
But they're tearing their hair out
because she's not married and doesn't
even seem to give a hoot about it.
So they cooked up a plan.
Hire someone to nudge her while she's
chilling at her favorite coffee shop.
Let's check out this scene at the cafe
. Hey, what's up?
Not much, you.
All good.
I see you're a coffee fan, huh?
Yeah, I'm obsessed.
And you've been here before?
Like this cafe's your jam?
Yep, I grab a coffee here every morning.
Cool.
I'd love to get the lowdown on you.
Uh, okay, that's kind of random, but shoot?
So are you hitched?
Nah, not yet.
Then you've got a boyfriend, right?
I'm flying solo right now.
But, you've been married before, right?
Like, divorced or something?
Nope.
Always been single.
Oh my gosh, how old are you?
I'm 35.
You're totally missing the boat, girl.
Don't you ever feel lonely?
Nah, I've got a pet, so...
But do you really think a pet can take
the place of a lifetime partner and
replace a human being?
I'll be happy to meet you in the upcoming
audience right now
.
But to my...
I think, if you don't know, make up long
term for some COVID demos, I'll be happy
to keep one of this.
Gracias.